[MUSIC PLAYING]
ADDY: So today we're going to
talk about Webpack performance
tips.
MATT: Performance
of the JavaScript
you're serving up in the
browser, not Webpack itself.
ADDY: So let's start
with minification.
You should be minifying
any of the code
that you're sending down.
With Webpack there are a few
interesting nuances there.
First thing to do if
you're shipping ES5 code
is to use the uglifyJs plugin.
Folks are probably aware of
that from other projects,
pre-Webpack.
MATT: Yeah, uglifyJs is
the standard one, yep.
ADDY: Now we're going to
have to get a little bit
creative is, if you're shipping
anything other than ES5
down to your users.
So a lot of folks are
writing is ES15 today.
If you're doing that and not
transpiling down to ES15,
make sure you're using something
like Babili and the Babili
Webpack plug-in.
MATT: Yes, so those,
it's going to minify,
but it also understands ES2015s.
There's certain optimizations it
can do because it understands.
It's a little bit
better than uglifyJs.
ADDY: Yes.
MATT: Yes.
ADDY: Next thing folks
should make sure they're
doing is minifying their CSS.
Now it sounds very
straightforward.
However, if you were
loading in any CSS
using Webpack's CSS
loader, by default
it's not going to
minify that code.
Effectively, you're putting
one type of file format
into another.
Like that's going to get stuck
into your JavaScript bundles.
So make sure that you're
passing minimize true.
MATT: So at least
whatever you're putting
in there is at least small.
ADDY: Exactly.
Ideally you don't have to
think about that because you're
actually extracting your CSS
to a completely separate file.
MATT: Yes.
ADDY: That's our
preferred option.
There are benefits to that.
You don't have to double parse.
It doesn't have to parse
your JavaScript in order
to parse your CSS.
It's also going to cache
a little bit better
on the browser side of things.
Because you're not
going to invalidate
your bundle every single
time you're making a change.
Your CSS, your jobs
descriptor, you're keeping
those things pretty separate.
In Webpack, use the extract text
plug-in to get that working.
MATT: Cool, sounds good.
ADDY: Next thing,
take advantage of ES
module imports and
exports for tree-shaking
your dependency graph.
MATT: Yep.
ADDY: What is tree-shaking?
MATT: I'm still
figuring this out.
So tree-shaking
one way or another
is where we can remove
dead code in terms
of your imports and exports.
Because if you import
something and there's
a ton of other exports you
don't use, they can be removed.
I believe though, if you
import one thing from a file,
it'll import all of the exports.
But then it would
tree-shake beyond that.
I don't know, there's some
funky stuff from [INAUDIBLE]..
ADDY: They're supposed
to have nuanced
this stuff around tree-shaking.
MATT: But it's
still a good, and it
will remove code you don't use.
ADDY: Yes.
Now in Webpack, one of
the lesser-known things
is that unused code itself
is not removed by Webpack.
It's done by a
minifier like uglifyJs.
So Webpack is just going
to remove your export
statements that are used
for exports that you're not
actually using.
You still need to use
a minifier to get rid
of the rest of that code.
So make sure--
MATT: Just any dead
code paths that it knows
is never going to actually run.
ADDY: Exactly, exactly.
Another useful
thing is making sure
that you're running
Webpack in production mode.
MATT: Yes, this
is a Webpack thing
I was very confused about
when I first heard about it.
But it kind of makes sense.
ADDY: Yes, so two
ways to do this.
You can patch the -p option
to Webpack itself, which
will take care of
both minification
and setting your node
environment variable
to production effectively.
Another thing you can do is
use the Webpack to find plug-in
to accomplish the same thing.
That's how I usually do it.
I totally forgot
Webpack -p was a thing.
So to find plug-in is good for
slightly more complex cases.
I just JSON stringify
my production settings
and just have it.
MATT: Done, nice.
ADDY: Useful for
when a library has
to switch between like
the dev or debug builds
or the production builds.
MATT: Yep, all sounds good.
ADDY: Another thing that's
useful is taking stock
of what you're
actually shipping down
using a bundle analyzer
or a source map explorer.
So lots of good
tools for this stuff.
Can help you identify
whether you're shipping code
that you didn't expect to be
shipping down to your users.
Whether there are like modules
that you can maybe switch out
for much smaller alternatives.
MATT: It's always good
with [INAUDIBLE] code,
because it's just,
you'll eventually
get an overall picture of where
all the sizes are actually
coming from.
And then get a feel very
easily of what percentage
is coming from where.
ADDY: Another good thing to
do is splitting up your vendor
libraries into a
completely separate bundle,
separate chunk.
Now your vendor libraries are
things like your framework
code, your library
code, that you're
going to be reusing across a
bunch of your different routes
and views.
Stuff that if you move into
a completely separate bundle,
the browser can cache.
And you're probably not going
to update that code too often.
MATT: The only time it's
really going to change
is if you bump up the framework
version or a library version.
Otherwise, yes, it's
going to be the same.
ADDY: Yeah, so check out up the
Webpack commons chunk plug-in
for getting that set up.
Related to that
is code splitting.
MATT: Yes.
ADDY: So what is
code splitting, Matt?
MATT: So code splitting
is where you're actually
taking all of your code and
rather than munge it together
in one single file
and shipping it down,
you split it up
into several files.
And then you actually
only pull down
like the most important bit.
And then you can easily
load in the other bits.
ADDY: Exactly.
So the idea is that
you're just shipping down
exactly what the user
needs for the current route
or their current view.
And the difference between
using a static import
and getting this
done is that you're
going to start using
a dynamic import.
This is a newer
JavaScript feature.
The idea is that you just want
a lazy load in pieces that don't
need to be loaded up front.
MATT: Yep.
ADDY: And so that allows you
to basically move this out
into code that can be deferred
load later on in the process.
MATT: OK, so that is actually
the dynamic import standards
thing.
ADDY: Yes.
And Webpack supports it.
ADDY: Exactly.
MATT: Nice.
ADDY: You can also take
advantage of dynamic import
with things like React.
Lots of different
things like React router
allow you to use it
inside get component.
But that ends up being more
specific to your framework
of choice.
MATT: Yes.
ADDY: Now another thing I see
a lot of people trip up on,
libraries like moment.js,
like the date time library.
MATT: Yes, I use it a lot.
ADDY: If you include
it by default,
it's got a relatively
large size.
It's something like
215, 216 kilobytes.
And that's because a lot
of that file is like,
it's localization stuff.
MATT: OK, yeah.
ADDY: And unless you're a
really large international site,
you might not need to be loading
all of that stuff up front.
And even if you need
it, you could probably
be lazy loading it in or making
intelligent choices around--
MATT: You can probably do
different bundles anyway
for the localization, which
you might be doing already.
Yes.
ADDY: Exactly.
So in Webpack, check out the
context replacement plug-in.
What that will let
you do is basically
you can pass in this magic
regexp to the bundler
and specify what locales
you do want to support.
Like maybe I want to support
English for the UK and the US,
but ignore some other ones.
And that just will
save you a bunch
if you happen to be using
these types of libraries.
MATT: It kind of
just globs whatever
files are inside that library
and then just only pulls those
in and ignores everything else.
ADDY: Effectively.
MATT: Nice.
ADDY: Lodash, popular
JavaScript utility library.
We definitely use it
a lot in our projects.
Lodash is pretty
modular by default.
So you can pick the
methods that you want
and just import in
exactly what you need.
But I still see a lot of people
importing in all of Lodash
and every utility it's got.
MATT: That's kind of
the whole point, right?
Like you just used to
having the underscore
there that just has all
the utilities on it.
It makes a lot of sense, but--
ADDY: Exactly.
One really neat
package you can use
is a Lodash Webpack plug-in
or Babel plug-in Lodash.
And the idea there is that
it's a transformer that
will rewrite your code to only
include the specific parts
of Lodash that you're using.
So you're not including
the entire thing.
MATT: So it's just
going to swap out
your code for underscore.get
and it will actually just go,
oh, you're only using get, so
I'll pull in that one thing
and then rewrite your code
to just use that one thing.
ADDY: Exactly.
MATT: Nice.
ADDY: I tend to find
that it trims down
my Lodash portion of my
bundle down to about 10%
of what it used to be.
So it's a nice little saving.
MATT: Very nice.
ADDY: There are lots of other
tips that folks can check out.
MATT: Yeah.
ADDY: But we're
going to link you
to a bunch of different
blog posts and guides
that you can go and read up.
MATT: Yes.
ADDY: If you've
got any questions,
feel free to direct
them, not to us,
but to Sean Larkin on Twitter.
MATT: Hi, Sean.
ADDY: No, we're more than
happy to answer any questions,
but that's Webpack performance.
MATT: Yeah, one day I'll
get 'round to learning it.
ADDY: You could just
watch this video.
MATT: Just watch it back, nice.
[MUSIC PLAYING]